[red-knot] treat annotated assignments without RHS in stubs as bindings (#16409)
astral-sh/ruff: crates/red_knot_python_semantic/resources/mdtest/stubs/class.md

reveal_type(Bar)  # revealed: Literal[Bar]
reveal_type(Bar.__mro__)  # revealed: tuple[Literal[Bar], Unknown, Literal[object]]
```

## Access to attributes declarated in stubs

> Unlike regular Python modules, stub files often omit the RHS in declarations, including in class

Reviewer: nit

```suggestion
Unlike regular Python modules, stub files often omit the right-hand side in declarations, including in class
```

scope. However, from the perspective of the type checker, we have to treat them as bindings too.
That is, `symbol: type` is the same as `symbol: type = ...`.

> One implication of this is that we'll always treat symbols in class scope as either
> `class or instance` or `class only` (if `ClassVar` is used). We'll never infer a pure instance
> attribute from a stub.

Reviewer: I'm not a huge fan of the term "class or instance" attribute. It doesn't appear in the typing spec, and conceptually I think it's the wrong model to have. The [spec](https://typing.readthedocs.io/en/latest/spec/class-compat.html) says that these are instance attributes that just have class-level defaults, and other than the fact that they can be accessed safely on the class object they behave like "pure" instance attributes in nearly every other way -- so I think that's the better way to think about them.

I'd suggest rewording this paragraph like so:

```suggestion
One implication of this is that we'll always treat symbols in class scope as safe to be
accessed from the class object itself. We'll never infer a "pure instance attribute" from
a stub.
```

reveal_type(Bar)  # revealed: Literal[Bar]
reveal_type(Bar.__mro__)  # revealed: tuple[Literal[Bar], Unknown, Literal[object]]
```

## Acces to attributes declarated in stubs

Unlike regular python modules, stub files often declare module-global and class variables without
initializing them. But from the perspective of the type checker, we should treat something like
`symbol: type` same as `symbol: type = ...`.

`b.pyi`:

```pyi
from typing import ClassVar

class C:
    a_classvar: ClassVar[str]
    instance_var: int
```

```py
from typing import ClassVar, Literal

from b import C

reveal_type(C.a_classvar)  # revealed: str

class Subclass(C):
    unbound_classvar: ClassVar[str]
    declared: int
    declared_and_bound: int = 42

# TODO: this should be an error showing possibly unbound.
reveal_type(Subclass.unbound_classvar)  # revealed: str

s_inst = Subclass()

reveal_type(s_inst.instance_var)  # revealed: int

# TODO: this should be an error showing possibly unbound.
reveal_type(s_inst.declared)  # revealed: int

> reveal_type(s_inst.declared_and_bound)  # revealed: int

Author: Agree. When I wrote this I haven't realized the class_or_instance impact. I only noticed that the bench has been fixed after initial commit.

I remove irrelevant tests as you've suggested
